## 2026

### March 17

I finally did it! Been using these slowdowns as opportunities to accelerate so far, and was able to climb a couple steps of the ladder and get some larger bonuses because I'd be the one always available through the two months, constantly working and pushing those in my orgs. Or rather, as I called it, setting example. But this year, not in the least because of the pressure from the wife, I have taken the two months off. It's scary. But exciting.

Needed to rediscover what I'd do with the free time. Haven't known anything besides work and Netflix; had to think hard about my passions. Here's what I have done in the last couple weeks -

1. Walking - yes, really. Used to walk a lot during my Masters, out of necessity. Realized that I really liked that, and started doing that. Like, really low-pressure. Comfortable shoes and comfortable cloths, and walking around the neighborhood. Consciously resisted the attempts to define metrics and track progress and for once, let it take its own shape. Haven't insisted on slopes or varied terrains. Havent's insisted on going to parks or hiking. Was listening to podcasts for the first few days, but realized that I would rather have a blank-ish mind. Or rather, a mind that's not actively processing information. Have really come to appreciate the couple hours I spend outside.

2. Reading - used to read a lot when I was younger. Last few years, its been all about mystery/thriller and a bit of science fiction. Nothing challenging, mostly for passing time on the toilet. Now, have challenged myself to read all recent Booker winners. Not being afraid to be emotionally consumed - and having that room and time to get lost in something - this used to be fun and still is.

3. Learning - of course, the fear of falling off the tracks is real. Thoughts are starting to crystalize around looking into the energy sector. Not sure what I could do... but that's where the next 10 years of career growth are going to come from. Maybe a Master's or some online courses and then breaking into it and moving to Dubai. Haven't mentioned it to the wife yet; she's always wary of me spinning myself out too much.

4. Been gardening with my wife as well.

Let's see how it all goes. Still early. Might do it every year, or go back to work next month.

***